https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/hr-analytics-job-change-of-data-scientists

HR Analytics: Job Change of Data Scientists
Predict who will move to a new job

Context and Content
A company which is active in Big Data and Data Science wants to hire data scientists among people who successfully pass some courses which conduct by the company. Many people signup for their training. Company wants to know which of these candidates are really wants to work for the company after training or looking for a new employment because it helps to reduce the cost and time as well as the quality of training or planning the courses and categorization of candidates. Information related to demographics, education, experience are in hands from candidates signup and enrollment.

This dataset designed to understand the factors that lead a person to leave current job for HR researches too. By model(s) that uses the current credentials,demographics,experience data you will predict the probability of a candidate to look for a new job or will work for the company, as well as interpreting affected factors on employee decision.

The whole data divided to train and test . Target isn't included in test but the test target values data file is in hands for related tasks. A sample submission correspond to enrollee_id of test set provided too with columns : enrollee _id , target

Note:

The dataset is imbalanced.
Most features are categorical (Nominal, Ordinal, Binary), some with high cardinality.
Missing imputation can be a part of your pipeline as well.
Features

enrollee_id : Unique ID for candidate

city: City code

city_ development _index : Developement index of the city (scaled)

gender: Gender of candidate

relevent_experience: Relevant experience of candidate

enrolled_university: Type of University course enrolled if any

education_level: Education level of candidate

major_discipline :Education major discipline of candidate

experience: Candidate total experience in years

company_size: No of employees in current employer's company

company_type : Type of current employer

lastnewjob: Difference in years between previous job and current job

training_hours: training hours completed

target: 0 – Not looking for job change, 1 – Looking for a job change

Inspiration
Predict the probability of a candidate will work for the company
Interpret model(s) such a way that illustrate which features affect candidate decision
Please refer to the following task for more details:
https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/hr-analytics-job-change-of-data-scientists/tasks?taskId=3015


Predict the probability of an candidate looking for a new job
Möbius · 35 Submissions · 2 months to go

Task Details
This dataset designed to understand the factors that lead a person will work for the company(leaving current job) ,and the goal of this task is building model(s) that uses the current credentials,demographics,experience to predict the probability of a candidate looking for a new job or will work for the company.

The whole data divided to train and test . Also sample submission has been provided correspond to enrollee_ id of test set ( enrolle_ id | target)

Note:

The dataset is imbalanced so it might affect your result if you dont handle it
Most features are categorical (Nominal, Ordinal, Binary), some with high cardinality so encoding methods and techniques will help to boost models performance
Missing imputation strategy might affect the results so it can be a part of your pipeline as well.
Expected Submission
Solution Notebook with following mandatory outputs:

Prediction: for each row in test data the predicted probability of candidate looking for a job, (probability of the class with the greater label).Format is given in sample_submission.csv:
enrollee_id : Unique ID for enrollee
target : probability of an enrollee looking for a job change
Model Evaluation: roc_ auc_ score of (answer,prediction probability of rows in test data)
*answer: test target values(download from : https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/job-change-dataset-answer)
Model Interpretation: Interpret model(s) such a way that illustrate which features affect candidates decision
Evaluation
The evaluation metric is area under the ROC curve score.

You have better first evaluate your model(s) with your selected strategy (KFold CV, hold_ out,…) and then predict test (sample_submission) and finally compare the result for your own with test target values and find out your model performance on unseen data and your model fitness.

The pipeline you apply for getting result (EDA, preprocessing, feature engineering and selection , model building and evaluation strategy and so on, will be evaluated by your model performance on unseen data(aug_test.csv)